readme.md, before:

relay is a simple command line file transfer over local or global network using tcp protocol.
It don't require any dependencies and is not platform specific. It should work on linux, windows and macOS.

# INSTALLATION
You can install this tool using go command `go install https://github.com/AmirMirzayi/relay` or download binary from [Releases](https://github.com/AmirMirzayi/relay/releases).

# USAGE
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure application has privilege to connect to network and change filesystem.

## Flags
```
-h, --help              help for relay
-i, --ip        ip      sender machine binding ip address (default 0.0.0.0)
-p, --port      int     application running port(default 55555)
-t, --timeout   int     connection timeout in second (default 30)
-w, --width     int     progress bar width (default 25)
-l, --silent    bool    silent transfer (default false)
```

## Host serves to send files
send command must have at least 1 argument which has file or directory path
```
relay send [-p 12345 | -i 127.0.0.1 | -t 120 | -w 25 | -l false] some_file.ext other_file2.ext some_directory_within_subdirectories
```

### Flags
```
-s, --save string   files save path (default "/home/$(USER)/relay")
```

## Connect to the host to receive files
```
relay receive -i 127.0.0.1 [-p 12345 | -t 120 | -w 25 | -s /home | -l false]
```

Commit message:

feat: manual set buffer size

readme.md, after:

relay is a simple command line file transfer over local or global network using tcp protocol.
It don't require any dependencies and is not platform specific. It should work on linux, windows and macOS.

# INSTALLATION
You can install this tool using go command `go install https://github.com/AmirMirzayi/relay` or download binary from [Releases](https://github.com/AmirMirzayi/relay/releases).

# USAGE
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure application has privilege to connect to network and change filesystem.

> [!TIP]
> If you increase the size of read/write buffer. Operating system can touch the I/O device less. And it can read/write larger blocks in each operation. Then, the performance gets better. Choose buffer size on powers of two with non-negative exponents to achieve more performance and speed.

## Flags
```
-h, --help              help for relay
-i, --ip        ip      sender machine binding ip address (default 0.0.0.0)
-p, --port      int     application running port(default 55555)
-t, --timeout   int     connection timeout in second (default 30)
-b, --buffer    int     buffer size in byte (default 1048576)
-w, --width     int     progress bar width (default 25)
-l, --silent    bool    silent transfer (default false)
```

## Host serves to send files
send command must have at least 1 argument which has file or directory path
```
relay send [-p 12345 | -i 127.0.0.1 | -b 1024 | -t 120 | -w 25 | -l false] some_file.ext other_file2.ext some_directory_within_subdirectories
```

### Flags
```
-s, --save string   files save path (default "/home/$(USER)/relay")
```

## Connect to the host to receive files
```
relay receive -i 127.0.0.1 [-p 12345 | -b 1024 | -t 120 | -w 25 | -s /home | -l false]
```
